Palo Alto Networks PAN-OS - URL filtering from cloud meaningful err (#10579)
demisto/content: Packs/PAN-OS/ReleaseNotes/1_6_11.md

#### Integrations
##### Palo Alto Networks PAN-OS

> - Fixed an issue where ***panorama-get-url-category-from-cloud*** without a proper license did not give a meaningful error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the ***panorama-get-url-category-from-cloud*** command would not give a meaningful error if executed without the proper license.
```
